The program I've chosen helps me prepare for the CompTIA Network+ certification through its lectures, notes, quizzes, and practice exams. 
Although I haven’t done any lab or hands-on work yet, I would still be able to learn topics such as networking fundamentals, IP addressing, routing, and troubleshooting. 
The program I'm taking is called CompTIA Network+ Certification by Mike Meyers, and, according to their description, it covers Network Concepts (23%), Network Implementation (20%), 
Network Operations (19%), Network Security (14%), and Network Troubleshooting (24%). I also bought extra practice exams from different instructors, but it is recommended to practice 
with those who have taken the exam. So far, I'm progressing through Network Concepts (Sections 0-2), as shown in the Deliverable Specific Content. Most of what I know consists of the 
OSI layer, Ethernet Frame, Hub, NIC, MAC addresses, and protocols. The lessons are generally easy to understand since most concepts are like topics covered in my courses, such as the 
basic structure of frames; however, the most challenging part is the protocols. I would have learned to understand and implement a range of protocols and port numbers, since the exam 
covers any of those specifications. I chose this specific career path because some of the internships I’ve applied for highly recommend people with certification experience. Not only 
that, but the program is mostly self-paced, allowing me to pursue my career without conflicting with WSU coursework. However, since it’s self-paced, I need to drive myself to engage 
and progress, with help limited to myself and the provided documents. I’m responsible for scheduling lectures, completing quizzes, taking notes, and filling in unknown gaps before 
moving on to the next topic. Every week, two practice sections have to be completed, and so far, I've finished the first three since spring break. For quality assessment, I feel like 
I’m doing well for now. However, with the semester almost over, the workload has been increasing, so the time spent studying for the CompTIA+ Certification has been slow. I also need 
to progress further in the course so I can begin interacting with free lab simulators, like Packet Tracker,for hands-on experience, since it's a great way to handle and troubleshoot 
networking issues. Fortunately, some of the exam opening dates occur sometime in the summer, so there’s still time. This experience helps me advance toward my career goal of becoming 
a Network Engineer. The certification is known as a foundation in IT, and from what I saw in the internship qualification , it is preferred and enables me to enter an entry-level position 
I’ve been applying for.  Completing the program would allow me to gain valuable skills for future employers, fill gaps in my WSU coursework, and perhaps pursue another certification to 
build my resume.
